To the upper row of the world economy seat
Today I want to make black beans that are essential for New Year dishes
I think
Black beans are used in the seats because they work in the scene
It is an exhibit to be
We will introduce the room
It swells to Fukuyama me
Joint
As we use with reins this time
If there is an appropriate example we can not connect
I have prepared a report to do this or to each other
You
Please enter March 1st in 1.97
Then let's start
5 was not slowly washed carefully into black beans
I will write that 5 people will increase
Be kind and polite to put your readers in
It is because the skin of black beans is torn if it is determined vigorously
In plenty of water
Black beans
And start the show
I will soften the black beans
In this way, add the mitsu that has been added to the two-digit
When you
Write without looking at the new
Subject to one night
Manabu Nidada and delicious cromame are ready
Then the name of the car that I put in water overnight
Let's put in
In an iron pot with many mistakes
Slowly put in the standings
With cutie
Fuel temperature Iran only exercise
Please follow
After all two thirds
We will save on topic
Then I will use it like this
I will make each
Make carefully so that the governor does not attach for past several years
Please give me
Why, why
If you have gone there
Occasionally add to Tsinghua University
Be careful if they are similar
There is not much next place
My tears come out
In this state
Because the rain is finished
Tears overflowed
And please
Why critics
If there is an atmosphere
I will look for this condition for 3 hours
A couple of hours are undecided
I tried to clean
Satoru Sato, who had previously been in the eyes of Sakurayama
Put a third
After all we extend to one third
I put sugar, let's have a promane
Within
Until one side
I will do it regularly
It has become non notification setting
There is momentum to keep you standing
Finally it is autumn
I will keep track with pk
It is over per night
I will put one third of sugar after all
It is wonderful as it is
Boiled until my sister is soft
To third
When you receive this public opinion
Good hit
We established this time
Brought home
Please face
The third place landed a generator